Project Description  
-------------------

1) Your program will make use of the POSIX system I/O calls discussed in lectures. That is, you MUST only use open(), close(),
   read(), write(), lseek(). 

2) You are NOT permitted to use any C++ nor C standard I/O library functions nor cin nor cout. Furthermore, you cannot use
   any C++ nor C standard library functions for string oeprations.  

3) You are NOT permitted to reference nor use the size of the input file in your program.

4) Your program will do the following three actions simultaneously after having opened the input text file:

   a) Read the input file from the beginning of the file to the end of file,  character by character.
      You may only use one character array for storing the characters with maximum array size of 32 (regardless of input file size).

   b) Read the input file in reverse, that is, backwards from the end of the file, character by character.
      You may only use one character array for storing the characters with maximum array size of 32 (regardless of input file size).

   c) Compare each character read from part (a) with that from part (b). If they are the same then print to the screen a zero, otherwise print 1. 


NOTE:

5) ONLY after you finally exhaust the input file contents, you will print a newline character to the screen.

6) Afterwards, you will print:
     a) The position and actual characters that differ as shown in the example below.
     b) The total number of characters that differ as shown in the example below. 

7) Two input files will be provided at a later date for your program execution and report submission. Until that time, please use your own input files.


Program execution example:

Compare the first character in the file with the last character in the file.
Compare the second character in the file with the next to last character in the file.\
Compare the third character in the file with the next to next to last character in the file.
And so on....


Consider if the input file has the following text:    abcdefdcbx
You will print out to the screen the following: 

1000110001

1  a x
5  e f
6  f e
10 x a

Total: 4 character positions differ.

